**Genre:** Post-apocalyptic, War (Fallout)**Description:** I have been given the post-apocalyptic war genre, aka I'm making fallout, which is perfect because I want to continue working on my fallout ttrpg campaign. my initial plan was to implement ttrpg elements into my game and this is more then a reason get coding.**File structure:*** One index.html file* One content.js file* One page-style.css filethe JS file will be divided into sections separated by comment blocks. my goal into stay as organized as possible.**Time management:** 	- 5 Days -* \- Day 1 - initial planning and setup, creation of basic story, basic flowchart creation, early code if time is applicable.* \- Day 2 - main setup coding day, create all file structures with organized code segments, creation of character data and character creation.* \- Day 3 - complete character creation section, implement a debug mode that allows commands to be given to a prompt and sections to be skipped and items and levels be given (implement the basic structure of cheat codes so debugging time can be drastically reduced), start coding story, "rooms" and combat.* \- Day 4 - complete story, include 3 distinct endings, one where the final boss is killed and you prevent tyranny, one were you die in the battle and the enclave takes over Colorado, and one were you hack a terminal in the nuclear warhead room and click the detonation button.* \- Day 5 - Art day, do your best to work on art for the remaining place holder sections, turn in project!**Story board**:part 1 - Trespassing: 	the player starts their journey as an nomad traveling east through Colorado unaware of events that happened in Nevada with the NCR pushing the legion back into their home turf. because the legion is loosing they close their borders with the exception of trade. when you are stopped by legion soldiers a 3rd of the way through the state you are kidnaped and brought to a legion camp were you are told to identify yourself and your purpose for ignoring Legion territory's closed borders (this is were the player hits the character creation screen). eventually the legion releases the protagonist with the information about the law and the order to keep you in the state to ensure you cant give camp locations to the legion. (overall this interaction is going to go really well and will be the complete opposite of the observations around the player. (like slaves laboring away, and soldiers with dogs, lots of dogs.)) after this the player must explore the Colorado territory to find a way to leave the state without being hunted by the legion.Part 2 - Exploration: 	the player interacts with the natives of towns/city's and gets used to the environment. they gain experience through encounters and may choose to participate in side quests for extra exp and money. gathering equipment and establishing themselves with the people of Colorado. the NCR makes their way into Colorado, typically this would be an easy way out of the state but the NCR has other plans, they promise the player protection and caravan out of Colorado so long as they investigate a mysterious organization that seem to be constantly spotted around that area in power armor.Part 3 - Encounter the enclave: 	the player begins investigating the mountain valley of Colorado, asking locals and eventually encountering a scouting squad harassing a caravan group. after the interaction the player can ether choose to continue the search to locate the base or return to the NCR enchantment. if the player chooses the later the NCR rangers deploy a small squad of rangers ahead of you to join you in the eradication of the group as there have heard new of these members executing civilians on sight and stories of they are and capable of form California in the early wasteland days, he recommends visiting the science department for supplies. the play may choose to do so and if they do they are given ammunition and stem packs and a side quest, the player is informed of "something special" that's development is almost complete but they have run out of power cells. long story short the player must go into town and buy one, win one in gambling, or rob one. when they return with the cell, the scientist will then provide them with a NCR power armor.part 4 - Finally 	at this point the player has located the enclave base and is moving into the place to destroy the remints of the enclave. more information can be found about the enclave and their plans on logs found in computers. entering the base the player finds the sent NCR rangers dead and must fight through waves of enclave members some in power armor most not so. eventually they reach a room with the leader of the enclave in a mutant sized power armor from whom they must fight. if they win they get the good ending, if they die they get the bad ending. alternatively the player could locate the warhead silos and with a maxed hacking skill set them off to get the secret ending.**Development:** 	UI: The UI will have major pip boy inspirations, green CT tv vibes with a pip boy frame also a button in the save options to revert the green color to black and white in case the green hurts some peoples eyes. character information is going to be on the side in its own section. &nbsp;	Map: in case i have time i want to implement a map to keep track to room, but this might have to be dropped.&nbsp;	Save: i really want to implement a save feature. i might steal someone's code on internet if i have to.